chore(docs): update JetBrains gateway setup (#14807)
coder/coder: docs/user-guides/workspace-access/jetbrains.md

JetBrains Gateway is a compact desktop app that allows you to work remotely with
a JetBrains IDE without even downloading one.

> [See JetBrains's website to learn about and Gateway.](https://www.jetbrains.com/remote-development/gateway/)

Reviewer: As the last letter is an `s` we don't need an extra apostrophe s

Author: [Google Developer Documentation Style Guide](https://developers.google.com/style/possessives) suggests avoiding it altogether, so I adjusted this line

> [See JetBrains's website to learn about and Gateway.](https://www.jetbrains.com/remote-development/gateway/)

Author: ```suggestion
Visit the [JetBrains website to learn about and Gateway.](https://www.jetbrains.com/remote-development/gateway/)
```
